\[5:04pm] okay, i have a few things i need to get in a "viewable"/visible state so it doesn't look like i've done nothing x.x

a current TODO summary
- [ ] smack magic layout
	- [x] complete/finish popup wrapper system
		- [ ] on visit: chance to show a popup that's like; "1-5 left, buy now!" or somethin with a sale countdown
	- [x] footer: TOS/policy links: open popups with nothing useful in them
		- [ ] navigation links need to be "tidied up"
- [ ] landing / about page
	- [ ] implement all layout items:
		- [ ] testimonials 1, 2, and 3
		- [ ] joe magic introduction
		- [ ] chopper "demonstration"
			- [ ] actually add JoeCoin
		- [ ] clicker game
- [ ] shop
	- [ ] improve designs using new UI styles
	- [ ] implement cart/checkout system
		- [ ] maybe add a fake form this time for more engagement?
		- [ ] (THIS FORM DATA COULD BE USED TO "SIGN UP"? (an entirely local thing for now))

\[5:09pm] ok, going to start working now. i'll ignore the fact that the landing page is ENTIRELY hidden and focus on the layout popup code first.

\[6:21pm] took a break for ||REDACTED||, getting my brain back into this. we're on a new branch (feat/popups) 

\[7:02pm] back... had to set up a minecraft server...

- [x] regression: add header drop shadow animation

\[7:08pm] finishing up popup wrapper stuff. click to open works. gotta test stacking.

\[9:39pm] hi, its been such a struggle to stay focused :sob:
- PopupWrapper: supports multiple popups, popups with "focus" mode (darkens the BG and _in theory_ prevents scrollwheel usage a la saltburnfim)
	- transitions have been dumb tricky (because im trying to overengineer too hard...), the idea is that we can fade in/out/up/down/etc by switching a few config value for each popup type... in practice we're not there QUITE yet but i had a good POC. so. gimme a bit.?
- footer links now open up placeholder popups. i think i need to style em' a bit better. gimme a bit

\[10:02pm] popup system demo ACTUALLY implemented letsgooo
* they still need to be animated, but... putting it on the longer TODO

\[10:03pm] i'll try to do that "QUICK, only X LEFT!" popup, but i THIIINK i need to get the shop working, its been long enough...
